Support Auxkernel-like updates of MFEM AuxVariables (#55)
aurora-multiphysics/platypus: doc/content/source/auxkernels/MFEMGradAux.md

# MFEMGradAux

## Summary

!syntax description /AuxKernels/MFEMGradAux

## Overview

> AuxKernel for calculating the gradient of a scalar $H^1$ conforming source variable and storing it in
> a scalar elemental result variable defined on a $H(\mathrm{curl})$ conforming ND FE space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AuxKernel for calculating the gradient of a scalar $H^1$ conforming source variable and storing it in
a scalar elemental result variable defined on an $H(\mathrm{curl})$ conforming Nédélec finite element space.
```
